
//Welcome to Colverde, the green planet full of vegetation and oxygen. If you wish to take one of our crystals you have to answer all my questions correctly
Welcome to Colverde
What is the process of plants making food from sunlight called?|Photosynthesis


//Welcome to Luminara, the yellow glowing planet filled with light sources. If you wish to take one of our crystals you have to answer all my questions correctly
Welcome to Luminara
Which planet has the biggest rings?|Saturn

//Welcome to Rosetta! A planet with pink rocks and a dreamy atmosphere. If you wish to take one of our crystals you have to answer all my questions correctly.
Welcome to Rosetta
What is the hardest natural substance?|Diamond
What's the name of a stunning mineral and is a purple variety of quartz?|Amethyst

Crystalia - A planet covered in icy crystals.
Which continent is mostly covered in ice?|Antarctica
What is the name for a large mass of ice floating in the ocean?|Iceberg

Lavatron
Welcome to Lavatron! A hot planet with active volcanoes. If you wish to take one of our crystals you have to answer all my questions correctly
Which planet is known as the Red Planet?|Mars
What is molten rock that reaches Earth's surface called?|Lava

Aquarix
Welcome to Acquarix, A water world with endless oceans. If you wish to take one of our crystals you have to answer all my questions correctly
What is the largest ocean on Earth?|Pacific
What is the smallest ocean on Earth?|Arctic
What is the chemical formula of water?|H2O

Solaria
Welcome to Solaria, A sun-scorched desert planet.If you wish to take one of our crystals you have to answer all my questions correctly
What's the largest planet in the Solar System?|Jupiter
Which planet is closest to the Sun?|Mercury

Glacius
Welcome to Glacius, An icy planet with extremely low temperatures. If you wish to take one of our crystals you have to answer all my questions correctly
What is water in its solid form called?|Ice

Verdania
Welcome to Verdania, A planet covered in dense forests and exotic creatures. If you wish to take one of our crystals you have to answer all my questions correctly
What is the highest mountain in the world?|Mount Everest
What shiny black rock is used in jewelry?|Obsidian

Mysterra
Welcome to Mysterra, a mysterious planet shrouded in mist and secrets. If you wish to take one of our crystals you have to answer all my questions correctly
Which planet is called the "Evening Star"|Venus
What is the name of our galaxy?|Milky Way